For now, you see that it's a tube, so that means it's
inside, it's hollow.
But at some point, the tissue comes to rest on
my epiblast, it does this, and then it closes back into a tube, it's not a tube, what do you call it? A cord, we see that it looks like that. Below, I have my hypoblast. Already, we can almost say the mouths of the endoderm. But the more we go towards a design, the more it does... a bit like that we enter and we really enter a tube by growth it comes down, it flattens the hypoblast then it resumes like that and it restructures that it becomes a cord it must be seen that it is a tube ok now I just take a cut here and we look like that inside What do I see? I see that. I removed my hector... I could put above... I could put the ectoderm above. The notochord, which is at this stage, a tube, it comes to flatten against my hypoblast, to the point that at some point, it comes completely in. and it will become only a structure without an internal lumen, so a cord. And that's where it will become ecto-meso-endo, in fact. At the level of my notochord, not my mesoblast. This is my notochord, but which is at the stage of a chordal tube, and then it will become a chordal cord.
so a cord.
And that's where it will become
ecto-meso-endo, in fact.
At the level of my notochord,
not my mesoblast.
This is my notochord,
but which is at the stage
of a chordal tube,
and then it will become a chordal cord.
No, the notochord is epiblastic and at the stage where it comes to close, it takes hypoblastic information with it. It is essentially epiblastic. Do you understand?
It is epiblastic due to all this movement and when it becomes chordal, so
only a cord, it has information.
hypoblastic with it. This is the neural tube,
this is the vertebra that is forming here. We already see
here now the vertebra with the neural tube and we see the
notochord coming here.
And then this remnant of my notochord will remain.